Gonna see how over a years of professional experience has improved design skills
its
this right?
Attachment file type: document
game_idea.txt
9.27 KB
EchoAlpha — Today at 7:18 PM
Yea
It got sidetracked quickly but mostly just the idea of like a "papers please" but for a bathroom
Zorb — Today at 7:19 PM
Mmmmmmm So
Like a yes/no for if they should even be allowed into the waiting area for the restroom?
EchoAlpha — Today at 7:20 PM
You only have a few urinals/stalls and it takes time for people to use one, you have a queue for you and a "waiting area" with a small capacity
Zorb — Today at 7:20 PM
Ye, Got that.
Real time game, right? Not turn based?
just gotta make sure
EchoAlpha — Today at 7:21 PM
So you have to decide for each arrival whether send them to one of your fixtures, send them to your waiting area/hotbar, or turn them away completely
Yeah, like a timer in the background where people would pee themselves but you don't see it
Zorb — Today at 7:21 PM
Ye. Okay.
EchoAlpha — Today at 7:21 PM
So you have to guess bases on things
And make decisions quickly because the clock is ticking for those in line
And if someone arrives v desperate and you don't have a place for them to go right away it could run out of time and they wet themselves
the goal being the game forcing you to withhold relief as much as possible so you don't get stuck without somewhere if one or more people more desperate arrive

Zorb — Today at 7:25 PM
Ye
[7:25 PM]
Always try to leave a toilet open, because someone about to lose it could hobble in and soak your floor if they have to wait even a minute

EchoAlpha — Today at 7:25 PM
Exactly!

Zorb — Today at 7:26 PM
so you could have two people squirming desperate in the waiting room, with an open toilet
[7:26 PM]
but they dont get to use it until the girl in the other toilet finishes up

EchoAlpha — Today at 7:26 PM
Exactly!
[7:27 PM]
Or you turn one away from the waiting room completely because you need the spots for people even more desperate than them

Zorb — Today at 7:28 PM
Automatically turn away everyone if the waiting rooms full
[7:28 PM]
anyone super desperate turned away will just wet themselves

EchoAlpha — Today at 7:28 PM
If your intake queue is full
[7:28 PM]
Which is v small and you can only do them first come first serve
[7:29 PM]
So if someone who looks extremely urgent is at the back of it you need to find a way to clear the queue

Zorb — Today at 7:29 PM
Oooh
[7:29 PM]
You can't reorganize the queue?
NEW

EchoAlpha — Today at 7:30 PM
Yes, your queue is just like a you can only pull the first one for just one of three choices, assigning a stall, putting in the waiting area, or kicking them out
[7:31 PM]
So that the waiting area spots are more precious as a way to hold on to people who need to go but can wait for a stall